Revamp of Salesforce Connector Docs (#1430)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: salesforce/10.10/modules/ROOT/pages/salesforce-connector-studio.adoc

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field a|Description
|Consumer key | Consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app. See the Salesforce documentation for information about generating a consumer key.
| Consumer secret | Password for the keystore
| Listener config | Configuration for the listener, for example, `HTTP_Listener_config.
| Callback path| Path for the callback, for example, `/callback`.
| Authorize path | Path for authorization, for example, `/authorize`.
| External call back url | Callback URL, for example, `+http://localhost:8085/callback+`.
|===

[[oauth-jwt]]
==== OAuth JWT Authentication

OAuth JWT uses OAuth 2.0 with a JSON Web Token (JWT) request for user authentication. Important fields include the following:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field a|Description
|Consumer key | Consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app. See the Salesforce documentation for information about generating a consumer key.
| Key store | Path to the keystore that signs data during authentication. See <<Generate a Keystore File>>.
| Store password | Password for the keystore.
| Password | Corresponding password.

> | Certificate Alias| Alias of the certificate to be used if the specified keystore contains multiple certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Certificate Alias| Alias of the certificate to use if the specified keystore contains multiple certificates.
```

| Principal | Username of the Salesforce user.
|===

[[oauth-saml]]
==== OAuth SAML Authentication

OAuth SAML uses OAuth 2.0 with a signed SAML 2.0 assertion to request an access token. Important fields include the following:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field a|Description

> |Consumer key | Consumer key for the Salesforce-connected. app. See the Salesforce documentation for information about generating a consumer key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Consumer key | Consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app. See the Salesforce documentation for information about generating a consumer key.
```

> | Key store | Path to the keystore that signs data during. authentication. See <<Generate a Keystore File>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Key store | Path to the keystore that signs data during authentication. See <<Generate a Keystore File>>.
```

| Store password | Password for the keystore.
| Password | Corresponding password.

> | Certificate Alias| Alias of the certificate to be used if the specified keystore contains multiple certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Certificate Alias| Alias of the certificate to use if the specified keystore contains multiple certificates.
```

* *HTTP > Listener*
+
Initiates a flow each time it receives a request on the configured host and port
+
* *Scheduler*
+
Initiates a flow when a time-based condition is met

NOTE: A channel or topic must be published to Salesforce before a subscription to the channel can be created.

=== Example of Configuring a Source

For example, to configure *On New Object* as a source:

. In the *Mule Palette* view, select *On New Object*.
. Drag *On New Object* to the Studio canvas.

> . On the On New Object properties window, specify a value for the *Path* field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *On New Object* properties window, specify a value for the *Path* field.
```

Reviewer: Don't forget to update according to Kim's edit.

. Optionally change the value of the *Display Name* field.
. Select an object type and optionally specify a UTC value in the *Since* field.
+
If the server is in a different time zone, you must specify a value in the *Since* field. If you leave the field empty, the connector uses the local timestamp.
+
. Click the plus sign (*+*) next to the *Connector configuration* field to configure a global element that can be used by all instances of the *On New Object* source in the app.

> . On the *TLS* tab, optionally specify the TLS information for the connector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *TLS* tab, optionally specify the TLS information for the connector.
```

> . On the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. In the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
```

. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

[[redelivery-policy]]
=== Redelivery Policy

> To configure a redelivery policy for a source, set the *Redelivery* field on the source's properties window to the number of redelivery attempts to try after an initial failure.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure a redelivery policy for a source, set the *Redelivery* field in the source's properties window to the maximum number of redelivery attempts allowed after an initial failure.
```

> You can specify an object store for this policy. If you don't specify an object store, Mule creates a non-persistent object store. The number of transactions used to interact with the object store varies based on the number of retries configured for the redelivery policy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify an object store for this policy. If you don't specify an object store, Mule creates a nonpersistent object store. The number of transactions used to interact with the object store varies based on the number of retries configured for the redelivery policy.
```

You can reference a configuration file that contains ANT-style property placeholders (recommended), or you can enter your authorization credentials in the global configuration properties. For information about the benefits of using property placeholders and how to configure them, see xref:connectors::introduction/intro-connector-configuration-overview.adoc[Anypoint Connector Configuration].

To configure a global element for Salesforce Connector, follow these steps:

. Select the name of the connector in the Studio canvas.
. In the configuration screen for the operation, click the plus sign (+) next to the *Connector configuration* field to access the global element configuration fields.
. In the *General* tab, select one of these authentication methods for your connection:
+
* <<basic,Basic authentication>>
* <<oauth,OAuth 2.0 authentication>>
* <<oauth-jwt,OAuth JWT authentication>>
* <<oauth-saml,OAuth SAML authentication>>
* <<oauth-username-password,OAuth Username Password authentication>>

+

> *Kim. Ideally the next two paragraphs would be in a section called Authentication, but that would make the current H3's for the authentication types into H4s. I would still like to do that unless you have a better idea. I also am having trouble getting these paragraphs to format correctly within the list.* 

Reviewer 2: I think that you have to use === Authentication Methods, to be a peer to === Apex Settings.
I would not make === Mutual TLS a separate topic but rather include it in the intro text to Authentication Methods, the intro text stating what all four methods have in common: object store and mutual TLS.

+

> For all OAuth connections you can specify an object store that stores each resource owner's ID data. If you don't specify an object store, Mule automatically provisions the default object store. The app interacts with the object store automatically when a new resource owner is authenticated, the access token is refreshed, or the access token is invalidated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For all OAuth connections, you can specify an object store that stores each resource owner's ID. If you don't specify an object store, Mule automatically provisions the default object store. The app interacts with the object store automatically when a new resource owner is authenticated, the access token is refreshed, or the access token is invalidated.
```

> You can <<mutual-tls,configure mutual TLS>> for all authentication methods.

Reviewer 2: See comment Line 141

. In the *Apex* tab, optionally configure <<apexsets,Apex Settings>>.
. In the *Advanced* tab, optionally specify reconnection information, including a reconnection strategy.
. Click *Test Connection* to confirm that Mule can connect with the specified server.
. Click *OK*.

[[basic]]
=== Basic Authentication

Basic authentication uses a username and password for authentication. Important fields include the following:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field a|Description
| Username| Salesforce username
| Password | Corresponding password
| Security token | Corresponding security token
| Callback path| Path for the callback, for example, `/callback`
| Authorization URL | URL for the endpoint configured to process SOAP authentication requests
|===

[[oauth]]
=== OAuth 2.0 Authentication

OAuth 2.0 delegates user authentication to the service hosting the user account. Important fields include the following:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field a|Description

> |Consumer key | Consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app. See the Salesforce documentation for information about generating a consumer key.

Reviewer 2: Because this Description entry extends beyond a fragment, ALL entries in the column must end with periods.
For parallelism, this means that you should probably end all Description entries in all four peer sections with periods.
Unless you can get rid of the xref...?

| Consumer secret | Password for the keystore
| Listener config | Configuration for the listener, for example, `HTTP_Listener_config`
| Callback path| Path for the callback, for example, `/callback`
| Authorize path | Path for authorization, for example, `/authorize`
| External call back url | Callback URL, for example, `+http://localhost:8085/callback+`
|===

[[oauth-jwt]]
=== OAuth JWT Authentication

> OAuth JWT uses OAuth 2.0 with a JSON Web token (JWT) request for user authentication. Important fields include the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OAuth JWT uses OAuth 2.0 with a JSON Web Token (JWT) request for user authentication. Important fields include the following:
```

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===

> |Field a|Description

Reviewer 2: ditto re. periods; see Line 176

|Consumer key | Consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app. See the Salesforce documentation for information about generating a consumer key.
| Key store | Path to the keystore that signs data during authentication. See <<Generate a Keystore File>>.
| Store password | Password for the keystore
| Password | Corresponding password
| Certificate Alias| Alias of the certificate to be used if the specified keystore contains multiple certificates
| Principal | Username of the Salesforce user
|===

[[oauth-saml]]
=== OAuth SAML Authentication

OAuth SAML uses OAuth 2.0 with a signed SAML 2.0 assertion to request an access token. Important fields include the following:

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===

> |Field a|Description

Reviewer 2: See Line 176

|Consumer key | Consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app. See the Salesforce documentation for information about generating a consumer key.
| Key store | Path to the keystore that signs data during authentication. See <<Generate a Keystore File>>.
| Store password | Password for the keystore
| Password | Corresponding password
| Certificate Alias| Alias of the certificate to be used if the specified keystore contains multiple certificates
| Principal | Username of the Salesforce user
|===

[[oauth-username-password]]
=== OAuth Username Password Authentication

> OAuth Username Password uses OAuth 2.0 with a user and password for authentication. Important fields include the following:

Reviewer 2: Reworded just because in the case of "Username Password," I read "password uses...." Your decision. If we change this one, maybe we should the others as well.
```suggestion
OAuth Username Password authentication uses OAuth 2.0 with a user and password. Important fields include the following:
```

[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===

> |Field a|Description

Reviewer 2: See Line 176

|Consumer key | Consumer key for the Salesforce-connected app. See the Salesforce documentation for information about generating a consumer key.
| Consumer secret | Consumer secret for the connector to access Salesforce
| Username | Salesforce username
| Password | Corresponding password
| Security token| Corresponding security token
|===

[[mutual-tls]]

> === Mutual TLS

Reviewer 2: See suggestion Line 141

All authentication types support mutual TLS. To use mutual TLS, you need a keystore file and a password for the file. See <<Generate a Keystore File>> for more information.

> In Studio, specify the path to the keystore file and the TLS password on the *Security* tab, when you configure the connector's authentication method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Studio, specify the path to the keystore file and the TLS password on the *Security* tab when you configure the connector's authentication method.
```
OR
```suggestion
In Studio, when you configure the connector's authentication method, specify the path to the keystore file and the TLS password on the *Security* tab.
```

To set up a mutual TLS certificate in your Salesforce environment, see https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=security_keys_uploading_mutual_auth_cert.htm&type=5[Set Up a Mutual Authentication Certificate].

[[apexsets]]
=== Apex Settings

Salesforce Connector gets the names of the Apex classes and the associated methods that can be invoked when you connect to Salesforce.

To configure Apex settings in Studio:

> . Click the *Apex* tab in the global element properties screen

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click the *Apex* tab in the global element properties screen.
```

. Enter the following information:
+
[%header,cols="30s,70a"]
|===
|Field a|Description
|Fetch All Apex SOAP Metadata | Fetches the metadata of all the Apex SOAP classes. Takes precedence over Apex Class Name settings.

> | Fetch All Apex REST Metadata | Fetches the metadata of all the Apex REST classes. Takes precedence over Apex Class Name settings.

Reviewer 2: Does the spacing before the first word matter?

| Apex Class Names a| List of Apex class names to use for limiting the set of classes you fetch and the methods that they expose. This setting can accelerate the fetch process if you don't need to fetch many classes. Valid values:

* *None*
+
No classes are specified for DataSense to acquire.
+
* *From a message*
+
Enables you to specify the class name using an expression.
+
* *Create object manually*
+
Enables you to create a list of class names for DataSense to acquire. DataSense acquires only those classes and their associated methods.
|===

[[configure-other-fields]]
== Configure Additional Connector Fields

After you configure a global element for Salesforce Connector, configure the other required fields for the connector.

The following example shows four operations of the many you can configure for Salesforce Connector, as well as the important fields for these operations:

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Operation |Description
|Create a|Adds one or more new records to your organization’s data. Important fields include:

* *Type*
+

> Salesforce object type

Reviewer 2: Note that per adjusted bullet list entry in style ref, you can now use this format instead: your choice.

* *Type*: Salesforce object type
* *Records*: Function editor expression....

Author: Good to know for the future
